hello friends welcome to Thailand droid
youtube channel today we got a chance to
unbox sony ericsson xperia neo v the
model number is mt 11 I this is blue
gradient version it's selling in the
market in somewhere around three hundred
dollars or seventeen thousand indian
rupees so we'll have to have a box
session with this and first of all let's
have a look on the features itself
having 3.7 inch screen with the primary
cell camera capable of making SD
recordings 3.5 mm jack and hdmi output
DLNA certified in Wi-Fi these are the
main things apart from these sony is
highlighting in on baby engine and 3ds
weapon or no so i will see what comes in
the box
so this one is the handset the back flap
battery battery is fourteen hundred and
sixty milliampere battery which is good
enough for giving good battery backup
for a 3.5 3.7 inch screen one USB cable
which has to be used along with a travel
adapter to charge your phone apart from
that you will get one hdmi cable and
sony speak up on headphones you also
will get some user guides and vantika so
this is what you get with the box now
let's switch it on
that's what is phone bill discuss a
concern it's having little bit curvature
surface which is easy to hold in your
palm and the rear cam is with flash you
have volume controls on the side along
with a camera button and a power button
the one same Android structure of
buttons the home button that button and
the menu button on the top you have USB
connectors and the hdmi connector along
with the 3.5 mm jack so this is what
xperia neo v is all about keep watching
for more update thanks for watching guys